Oh I just had another idea, real quick this is like version 2.1. If the a lot of mafia comes about to takeover the docks, then the player gets the option to submit to the mafia. This perhaps lowers the reputation a bunch and decreases worker happiness a bunch but then eventually the one starts getting reputation back but for evil contracts like a "weed contract" or a "coke contract".  Then the game becomes "smuggling/contraband simulator". Perhaps then there's an event where the government becomes corrupt and then they start boosting your harbor. 

But that can go the other way, perhaps the government is in full "crackdown mode" and then you have a police raid event and then they clear out the docks, in a similar fashion to the mafia takeover. So when the government is cool, then we're aligned with the government, but if the government is corrupt then there's like 4 years of more mafia chance. 

Yes, yes, every four years there's a change of government and it has the chance to be corrupt or lawful. 

Comments on V2.0

1. Moving up and down on the file to touch "next month" is bad for the user experience. 
2. The start of the game is definitely more difficult, contracts are not for the faint of heart. 
3. We should add contracts of big fishing companies. 
4. Contracts of high class companies can only be done if the user has enough reputation. Say if I have 1 reputation I can only get 1-2 star contracts, until I have 4 stars I can get a 5 star contract. 
5. I initially had one worker housing, but I feel that worker housing should come as a bonus. For now, initially I'd like workers to live outside the company, but once they move in they get a bonus. I would like the workers to stick around so that's when I create a market and then when I start giving them "harbortokens", that all should create bonuses. But then say, like, I'd like to trap the workers and if I do close the gates then I can have riots or other stuff happening. 
6. There's not a losing condition in the game, nor a winning condition. When I had negative money, I could still accept the docking of the ships which were sighted. 
7. What is the "fee" in the incoming ships tab? When I dock them, I don't get charged. Is that the amount of money I'll get?
8. I restarted the game and realized that if one initially only negotiates with the free boats one can start building the business and then start reaping from contracts. 
9. I think that not all contracts should be available at the beginning, right? Instead a company has a chance to reappear in the contract section if they have high satisfaction with the player. 
10. We should add a debug mode where everything is unlocked, one can modify the money/reputation/workers/worker infrastucture a player has and other stuffs which I may be forgetting.
11. We should also add a chicken/meat company.